= New Relic Infrastructure Agent

Bare bones Gem for collecting disk, cpu and IO statistics and 
sending them to the New Relic RPM application.

This is a work in progress.  We hope to add more statistics
to the agent as well as more useful views on the RPM site
for viewing these metrics.

== DESCRIPTION:

Use this gem to collect statistics from a given host by running
newrelic_ia -a as a daemon.  This will contribute System/* metrics
to your RPM console which can be viewed with custom dashboards.

== SYNOPSIS:

    newrelic_ia [ options ] aspect, aspect.. 

    aspect: one or more of 'iostat' or 'disk' (more to come)

    -a, --all                        use all available aspects
    -v, --verbose                    debug output
    -q, --quiet                      quiet output
    -e, --environment=ENV            use ENV section in newrelic.yml
        --install                    create a default newrelic.yml
    -h, --help                       Show this help message.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* New Relic Agent version 2.9.2 or later
* Gold Subscription for creating and viewing custom dashboards

== INSTALL:

    sudo gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
    sudo gem install newrelic-ia

Once installed, run from the home directory of your Rails 
application, or create a separate working directory and run

    newrelic_ia --install

to create a template newrelic.yml file you can use.  Edit this file
and substitute your license key and app_name value.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 FIXME full name

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.